to add template instructions (#12)
decentralized-identity/org: spec-tooling-guides.md

from the beginning, we advise the group to work within the format and tooling
preferences of that SDO from the begining.  If no clear SDO can be agreed to
upfront, or if a "DIF-terminal" specification is consensual from the beginning,

> we recommend SpecUp, a markdown-based tool maintained as a standing work item of

Reviewer: I think SpecUp is for W3C-targeted specs, so that should probably be stated here.  I would think that you wouldn't use SpecUp for an IETF targeted spec.  Although it would be cool if I was wrong about that.

If the spec is to stay in DIF, SpecUp is also great.

Author: W3C prefers (and I believe requires) ReSpec, in fact, so spec-up is basically only for DIF-terminal specs, although the editorial work of transfering from one to the other really isn't monumental...

the DIF technical steering committee.

The tools recommended by DIF are:
1. **[SpecUp](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/spec-up)** is a
   lightweight markdown generator similar to Jekyll, which is itself hosted and
   maintained as a standing DIF work item. 
   - Work items intending to use Spec-up for their deliverables should request a
     "spec-up repo" from DIF at time of beginning work, i.e., a repo cloned from

>      the [SpecUp repo

Reviewer: Hate to be picky, but the use of the word "cloned" here is not right.  I think it should be "generated".  Here is the GitHub page about templates -- https://docs.github.com/en/repositories/creating-and-managing-repositories/creating-a-template-repository.  Generating a repo from a template is different from both forking and cloning, and really useful in the ReSpec context.  Works really nicely.

   tool for IETF RFCs, but may require a bit of XML familiarity; the dockerized
   version, [`markdown2rfc`](https://github.com/oauthstuff/markdown2rfc), also
   contains the similar go-based tool, `mmark`, can be a more user-friendly
   experience.
   - Unless editors have prior experience with IETF spec tooling, we recommend

>      work items intended as IETF internet drafts start work in a DIF repo cloned

Reviewer: Just to be sure I understand that wording -- a "DIF repo cloned from <template IETF bound>" means copy the files from that DIF fork into a new repo as the starting point for the spec.  Is that right?

Author: i meant cloning it into the /decentralized-identity/ org, but it appears i could and should be more explicit!

Reviewer 2: considering there are legitimate reasons for IETF-bound repositories to exist as independent repositories, and that the question around how to handle these (and whether to allow them) is currently before the SC, perhaps we should refrain from stating that cloning into the /decentralized-identity/ org is a requirement at this point.

Author: updated the PR to reflect all this

   tool for IETF RFCs, but may require a bit of XML familiarity; the dockerized
   version, [`markdown2rfc`](https://github.com/oauthstuff/markdown2rfc), also
   contains the similar go-based tool, `mmark`, can be a more user-friendly
   experience.
   - Unless editors have prior experience with IETF spec tooling, we recommend

>      work items intended as IETF internet drafts start work in a DIF repo cloned

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
     work items intended as IETF internet drafts start work in a repository cloned
```

     from the [DIF

>      fork](https://github.com/decentralized-identity/template-IETF-bound) of the

Reviewer: Same thing here -- the referenced repo is a GitHub template and using it as such "generates" a new repo.  Glad I read this -- I may need this in the near future.
